## Preface
These commands are to replace the core moderation commands (excluding `-mute`) that YAGPDB uses. The purpose of replacing these commands is to allow further customization than what is already available. I personally felt the commands were missing some much needed features, so I took the liberty of adding them myself. This took me many hours to construct, but I feel it was worth it.
## Initialization
To use these commands, you will first need to disable the main commands in the dashboard. To do this, go to the dashboard and go to the server you would like to add these commands to. Once you are there, go to Core > Command Settings > Global Settings. From here, you will need to create a new override and disable the commands. If you already have all commands disabled and manually enabled commands for select roles, then you will need to remove these commands from whatever roles you allowed to use these commands. After this is done, go through your channel overrides and go through the same process. Remember, you want to make sure these commands are **DISABLED**. After that, just make sure these replacements are added and you're all set!
## Tempban?
Yes, I separated the `-ban` command into 2 separate commands: `-tempban` and -`ban`. As the name suggests, tempban is used when you want to temporarily ban a user and ban is used when you want to permanently ban a user. I did this as a personal preference. I hated how the ban command was used for both with or without durations. I frequently encountered situations where the bot would mistake a number for a duration, and it would totally mess up what I was trying to accomplish. The solution: make the 2 separate. I find it completely unnecessary for there to be so many variations for the syntax of the ban command, and with these replacements, you won't have to deal with these variations as there is only one way to execute these commands.
## No Mute?
This was a personal choice. I never use the `-mute` command, so I never implemented it as a replacement. Timeouts are superior in nearly every way. Also, you are only allowed 15 fields per embed, so the modstats command wouldn't have looked as pretty if I would have included mutes as well. I don't have any plans on adding a replacement to the mute command.
## Modstats
If you are familiar with Dyno's modstats command, then you know how this command works. It displays the amount of times a user has used each core moderation command within the last 7 days, 30 days, and of all time (with the exception of `-mute`, as clarified earlier). Keeping track of modstats without using a custom command isn't possible (or at least extremely difficult to accomplish), so this was a big reason why I made the replacement commands. You can choose to use this feature if you'd like, or you can completely ignore it and act as if it doesn't exist. You don't need to add the `-modstats` command (or any of the commands you don't want for that matter) for these commands to work. They all work independently of one another, although the modstats command will show nothing if you try running it without running any of the replacement commands first.
## Disclaimer
Due to this being a replacement, it relies on YAGPDB's commands to not change. In the event the responses to these commands change or if any permissions for the commands change, these replacements may break. Given I use these replacements, I will likely find a fix soon in the event something happens, but do be aware that these commands are **NOT** guaranteed to work all of the time. I am not responsible if something goes wrong in your server because these commands broke. You are adding these replacements with the knowledge that they may one day cease to function properly, in which I advise you switch these replacements off and use the default commands.

The modstats command relies on using the function `execCC` to work properly. If you use that function more than 10 times a minute, the function will fail. This means that if somehow you manage to use that function more than 10 times in a minute, there won't be an execCC run to decrease the modstats for the 7 day tracker or 30 day tracker. I have not implemented a fix for this, nor do I plan to. It is your responsibility to ensure that the `execCC` function is not overused. I am also not responsible for when YAG goes down and the modstats aren't lowered during that time. You will need to modify the database yourself. I may be able to assist you if you ask me.
